chore: v3.22.3 (#708)
ToucanToco/toucan-connectors: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### [3.22.3] 2022-10-04

### Changed

> - Fix: Replace % character by %% on `pandas_read_sql` to prevent "dict is not a
>   sequence" error when passing a matches/not-matches query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Replace % character by %% in `pandas_read_sql` to prevent pandas from interpreting `%` as the interpolation
  of an SQL parameter
```
This would have been problematic in other cases than for translated match queries

Author: [`35c92f2` (#708)](https://github.com/ToucanToco/toucan-connectors/pull/708/commits/35c92f2140f63f1eb2481219a36ba21079a77c5e)
